In order to parse Tacview data, the flight log needs to be exported first. This is because the raw .acmi file only contains data on entity locations and when they spawn in and despawn. The rest of the information such as which unit fired which munition and which unit has been hit, is all inferred based on the position of the units. For example, there's no explicit "Su-27 fired a 27ER" or "F-15C was hit by a 27ER" event, it's recorded simply as "27ER spawned at this location" and "F-15C was despawned" and "27ER was despawned". The actual "events" as we would think of them is completely inferred by Tacview. This can lead to some interesting inferences, such as pilot ejections counting as an airplane firing a munition, jettisoned munitions close to a FARP counting as the FARP firing the munition, and missiles jettisoned at the same time counting as hitting each other when they hit the ground. The following list is situations that I've found noteworthy enough to write down.

Quirks found with Tacview:

1. When a munition from a munitions launcher hits or destroys a target, the <SecondaryObject> will be the munitions launcher, and it will have a <ParentObject> for the actual aircraft that fired the munitions launcher. This should be handled so that the hit/destroy counts for the aircraft that launched it rather than the munitions launcher.

2. When a pilot ejects, there will be an event for the aircraft firing the parachutist as if it were a munition, sometimes followed by a HasEnteredTheArea event for the parachutist 'creation'. The HasEnteredTheArea will be a duplicate event that can be ignored as long as the "fired the parachutist" event is handled.

3. If a munition is jettisoned very close to a FARP at low altitude, it will sometimes be expressed as a HasFired event with the FARP firing the jettioned munition. This case should be detected and counted as a munition jettison rather than the FARP firing a munition.

4. If missiles or bombs are jettisoned at the same time and hit the ground at the same time, it will be expressed as a HasHit event with one of the munitions hitting the other. This should be detected and handled properly so as to not inflate the munition hit figures. Note that some munitions are capable of shooting down missiles, so the Coalition property should be checked against. Jettisoned munitions will always be "Neutral", whereas fired munitions will either by "Allies" or "Enemies".

5. Occasionally, Tacview will fail to record a missile as being fired by a particular unit. In these cases, it will have a Coalition that's either "Allies" or "Enemies", but no <SecondaryObject>. In these cases, the missile is considered "ownerless", since we have no easy way to matching it up to the unit that fired it. My theory is that by the time the missile is spawned, the unit that fired it is too far away from it for Tacview to count it as being fired by that unit.

6. If multiple missiles are fired in quick succession against a single target, and if the enemy aircraft is destroyed and the pilot immediately ejects, Tacview will sometimes count the additional missile hits beyond the one that destroyed the aircraft as hits on the parachutist. This is because in Tacview, once an aircraft is destroyed, it is despawned from Tacview's point of view, but it still exists in-game and can still take hits from additional missiles. However, from Tacview's perspective, the closest target to the missile when the missile is despawned is the parachutist, so it counts a hit against the parachutist. This event should either be ignored, or be counted as an additional hit on the last-destroyed target.